Updated cancel booking for day trips response (#24)
mydaytrip/partner-api: source/includes/day-trips-api.md

## Cancel Booking

This endpoint cancels an existing day trip booking, if permitted by cancellation rules.

> If cancellation is in less than 24hours full amount is charged, otherwise it's 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If cancellation is in less than 24 hours before the departure time, the full amount is charged; otherwise, it's 0.
```

```json
{
    "bookingId": "CB1027",
    "cancelledAt": "2025-05-18T10:25:00Z",

>     "penalty": 100,

Reviewer: Better to use something that cannot be interpreted as `100%`

```suggestion
    "penalty": 199,
```

>     "penalty": 100, // if less than 24hours before departure, otherwise 0

Reviewer: This comment should be move to the description of the `penalty` parameter. There it will be more noticeable and all related details will be in one place.
